by the way you could look at a tutorial on how to play fnf
this is a reference to JS Engine?!?!
jaja aweonao no sabe' jugar fnf
you should play the tutorial in easy .-.
blud is using “auto-teclado”
:skull:
you still get a huge watermark that you activated botplay
L + ratio + didn't ask you
better play undertale on genocidal route
you could play in practice mode, you know?
still can't hit 1000 notes per second?
I'm bored, botplay
I have your ip
lazy shit, use the fucking keyboard, it's not that hard
Only 0.1% of PEOPLE can play the game WITHOUT botplay (IMPOSSIBLE CHALLENGE)
i installed a trojan :)
check that you are not a robot
you could play osu too
im going to limit your fps so you lose
I wish you get a lag that will cause your device to reboot
LUIGIPLAY
AH CAUSAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
skibidi dop dop du yes yes
Ol' Reliable
bug + documentation + duplicate + enhancement + good first issue + good first pull request + help wanted + i swear to god + invalid + need more information + not a real issue/request + ratio + to-do + wont-do + wontfix
L bozo
Hey bestie!!! :3 :3 :3
/gamerule botplay true
cringe mode
a glass of water spilled over my keyboard, botplay then
touch grass
You're gonna have a bad time
it's a beautiful day outside. birds are singing, flowers are blooming. on days like these, kids like you... should be burning in hell
bro :skull:
absolutely not, go fuck yourself
go play only marvelous instakill, NOW
wow, using botplay without announcing it so you look good, it'd be a shame if someone were to call you out for it
Me when the:
We have to admit, boyfriend had NO business being that much of a tryhard in blammed with nightmare difficulty
By the way, hitting R completely removes this messages, but you have to time it right at the end of the song
english or spanish?
Gadagedigadagada o, I've been married a long time ago, where do you come from, where did you go, where do you come from bagulado
Skibidi Toilet Gyatt Ohio Rizz
If you steal any of these phrases you get a 100$ fine with 20% interest every day
If you have suggestions for these phrases, keep them, nobody wants to hear them anyways
No but seriously if you have suggestions  for phrases you can message NicolasIMV on discord, he made a bunch of these, including this one :)
If you have suggestions for botplay texts you can contact me MaxxVoiid on Discord, Gamebanana or my Bento. I KEEP SAYING THAT NICOLASIMV IS A GOVERNMENT INVENTION
https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ
Say "fine art" but remove the "ine", relax liberals, it's called dark humor
Mfw i turn on botplay and forget to turn off these while showcasing a level
-... .-. --- / .-. . .- .-.. .-.. -.-- / - --- --- -.- / - .... . / - .. -- . / - --- / -.. . -.-. --- -.. .. ..-. -.-- / - .... .. ...
Stop posting about among us, I'm TIRED of seeing it
amongas
Mfw half the botplay phrases aren't even about botplay
"Yeah, so i turned on botplay on fnf-" "bro turned on botplay for fnf"
If you have an issue with these phrases, blame Maxxvoiid, he put them in the code, I'm just who wrote them - MaxxVoiid: CALLATE WN QUE ME MATAN POR ANDAR PUBLICANDO ESTA WEA
has visto el "que opinas de este michi" en los archivos del mod?
If you have complaints about the phrases, please bomb to NicolasIMV, I'm not going to pay you nick
SE DEVALUO ARGENTINA
if you are a little bit miniculous, you will see that you have activated the fucking botplay
If i had a penny for every botplay message I made, I'd have at least one counting this one
POV: you're too much of an asshole to even touch the keyboard
you should play with the mouse, it sure is fun
sussy imposter
have you played "literally every fnf mod ever" mod?
i hope shadow does not sue me
E e u i a i e, eiaeiei i, e e u i a i e, u a i a e ugh -tankman
if at any point you see that Util Peaks is erased, it's because I was machine-gunned in the night
Util Peaks in its peak?!
Do you know why I chose the name Util Peaks? I don't remember -MaxxVoiid
alzaimer
I really like the fnf community mods c:
OnJpY2tyb2xsOg==
MaxxVoiid Gang is heaven, you should join us
why they removed the secret icon with the 9
i have never been to Panama, it must be nice
why would you like to have Random Botplay Text enabled?
max pro design is on fire!
FIRE IN THE HOLE
Me when uhh, ummm, the uhhh...
I forgor
I guess you're blind to see a single note
line 83 is blaming you for having botplay
we will report you for using botplay in a competition!
If you see one of these with swear words, blame Maxxvoiid, I don't fucking swear -NicolasIMV
blud NicolasIMV is swearing the bastard -MaxxVoiid
che boludo
Pico as a playable character?!
never insult a chilean...
I would like to speak without filters, but I would be banned
I #### ### :)
omg this thing is huge
What's wrong with you? You lookin like a uuuhh umm you look like an uuuh you kinda look like an uhh ummm you kinda like an a unn uu uhh ummm wait you kinda uhhh hummnnn nnnn mmmmmmm hmmmmw wait let me think ummm hmmmmm uuuhh ummmmm ummmmmeeehhhh uhhhh ermmmmm uhhhh
Marios Madness, what a nice mod
is this the first time you've met me?
minceraft
Utils peak code leaked, this is line 97
conchetumare
uff los terremotos estaban potentes el 18
yippe line 100 :D
Line 86, minor spelling mistake, i win -NicolasIMV
linea 101, callate wn conchetumadre, te parai' de mano', la peleai' -MaxxVoiid
Linea 102, mide tus palabras (saca una guincha de medir) -NicolasIMV
linea 103, oye, ya po', hay kabros chicos mirando po' wn -MaxxVoiid
Linea 104, brigido socio -NicolasIMV
linea 105, apa, como nacen los bbs? -MaxxVoiid
Linea 106, ... -NicolasIMV
linea 107, ya po', sigue el dialogo, como se te olvido pelotudo, 'tabamos tan cerca de finalizar y veni' con tus weas -MaxxVoiid
Linea 108, Brigido socio -NicolasIMV
linea 109, (se desconecta) -MaxxVoiid
memories of Vietnam
si este texto lo tuvieras que traducir, te matarias, ya que es la linea 112 esta maldita para que este texto sea incluso mas largo que la linea 116, impresionantemente esto aun no acaba, y si lo piensas por algunos momentos te darias cuenta de que lees esto solo por aburrimiento, ya hemos pasado a la linea 93, de hecho, te has dado cuenta de que hubo una escena entre las lineas 101 - 109? era una escena bastante buena, hasta que a NicolasIMV se le olvido el dialogo (quien sabe como), pero bueno, nosotros ya revasamos el limite del 116, estas feliz ahora? espero que si, sigue leyendo si quieres, ya que no tiene sentido continuar desde aqui brother. Que te vaya muy bien bro y no se que más relleno poner aqui. -MaxxVoiid
VERDAD QUE HABIA TAREA


Hey look buddy, I'm an engineer. That means I solve problems, not problems like "What is beauty?" Because that would fall within the purview of your conundrums of philosophy. I solve practical problems, for instance: how am I going to stop some mean mother Hubbard from tearing me a structurally superfluous be-hind? The answer, use a gun, and if that doesn't work... Use more guns. Take for instance this heavy calibre tripod-mounted lil' old number designed by me, built by me, and you best hope... Not pointed at you.
clipped
sus
L
gg ez skill issues
couldn't handle the neutron style
caught you lacking
thought too fast chucklenuts
bopeebob
don't you feel Silly, don't you feel stupid, don't you feel a little ashamed
caught in 4k
You can now play as Luigi.
get real
:skull: :skull: :skull: mid :skull: :skull: :skull:
5 second detention for you
start making a apology already, will ya?
get out the ukulele buddy
womp womp
:trumpet:
screaming in public restrooms prank
blud thought he was him
chipi chipi chapa chapa dubi dubi daba daba magico mi dubi dubi boom boom boom boom
bro is not the honored one
look, someone using botplay! go laugh at him
why so serious? :jonkler:
Botplay detected, mods, send a guided missile towards their house
would you're rather have unlimited bacon, but no games, but games, unlimited games, but no games?
y'roue*
Fuck you, now you're breathing and blinking manually
Don't replace all the O's in scooby-doo with E's, worst mistake of my life
Help, MaxxVoiid trapped me in his basement and is forcing me to write these messages -NicolasIMV
If you have heard of a NicolasIMV, IT IS A GOVERNMENT LIE
Google en passant
Google en botplay
Ok, now do it without ghost tapping
"Oh boy, this botplay messages feature looks interesting, i wonder what it sa-" the most nefarious brainrot possible:
Nah, I'd win
When am i getting paid for this again? -NicolasIMV
You (the cringe one) *using botplay and hitting no keys at all* vs. Me (the chad) *using no ghost tapping and only marvelous instakill mode*


we know who the winner of the "Using Botplay Competition" is
that's some nice botplay you got there! can i have it?
skill issue
congrats, you turned on botplay
You use botplay? In 10 seconds I knock your botplay thing and text so you'll never use it >:)
Oops I broke my keyboard, guess botplay it is then
@everyone hey guys look this player is bad at fnf
hello i died 10k+ times on this song
youre using BOTPLAY?
bad fnf player alert
imagine using botplay
Press ALT + F4 to get free BOTPLAY!!!
captcha fail
w h y  a r e  y o u  i n  b o t p l a y
go outside cheater
A BotPlay Player?
the not sucks!!!
mobile players exist huh
Learn a tutorial on how to play.
Fine, I'll do it myself.
communitygame moment
boo you suck
Put your FUCKING hands on the FUCKING keyboard.
function onCreate() if botplay then setHealth(0) end end
silly mode :3
CHEATER MODE
guys look, a cheater!
i wish you lagged really bad so your showcase fails
beep bop bap (cheater)
i swear to god
pov: you using botplay
Someone call 911
